Add config.json guide to Concord (#116)
Cogmasters/concord: docs/guides/config.json_directives.md

# Getting the bot started

## config.json directives

> config.json, a file that can store data, that is used by Concord on runtime. You will probably wish to set it up, so, here is a guide explaining what are the purposes of everything in there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `config.json` file is a configuration file that can be used to start your bots from. Since it's read at runtime, it is especially useful if you want to avoid having to recompile your bot application for each small configuration that gets added. This guide outlines some of the configuration options you can modify, and also how to add your own.
```

```json
{
  "logging": {
    "level": "trace",
    "filename": "bot.log",
    "quiet": false,
    "overwrite": true,
    "use_color": true,
    "http": {
      "enable": true,
      "filename": "http.log"
    },
    "disable_modules": ["WEBSOCKETS", "USER_AGENT"]
  },
  "discord": {
    "token": "YOUR-BOT-TOKEN",
    "default_prefix": {
      "enable": false,
      "prefix": "YOUR-COMMANDS-PREFIX"
    }
  }
}
```

### logging

> #### logging.level

Reviewer: As suggested by @tarbomb, does this look better as a table? You can make a separate one for `logging` and `discord`, and let us know if it looks any better.

#### discord.default_prefix.prefix

  Set a default prefix, so `discord_set_on_command` function can be used.

  This will not work in case `discord.default_prefix.enable` is set to false.

## Observations

  You can also put custom fields on your config.json and get its value with the `discord_config_get_field` function. See the following example.

  ```c
  char foo[16];

  struct ccord_szbuf_readonly value = discord_config_get_field(client, (char *[2]){ "field", "foo" }, 2);

  snprintf(foo, sizeof(foo), "%.*s", (int)value.size, value.start);
  ```

  ```c
  struct ccord_szbuf_readonly discord_config_get_field(struct discord *client, char *const path[], unsigned depth)
  ```

  Attention: this function will only work if you initialize your bot with the `discord_config_init`.

  The first argument of `discord_config_get_field` is the `struct discord *client` that `discord_init`/`discord_config_init` (or also, in case the code is inside some kind of event, it might be on the event parameters) returns to you.

  The second argument is a `const x[]` (also known as `array`) the path to the field where you want to get its value.

>   The third argument is an `int` value of the depth of the path, for example, if the path was `field -> another_field -> foo` it would be 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The third argument is an `int` value of the depth of the path, for example, if the path was `field -> another_field -> foo` it would be 3
  
*Written by [ThePedro](https://github.com/ThePedroo)*
```
